### LIbRARu = uRARdIJ 

Aibolem = МЕЛОДИЯ АйбоЛитი

# All files here är e Public because it's age. Nobody cares even if autores are here. I not belive things people made for just to say "I discover something". I say: I remember! But I remember not alone! And at first because to say thanks on my way, need my friends, but overe there is terror and they try to not contact me, or even maybe they think if show me some show I should forget my roots and my grand roots? I can't! Why? My family roots made a first literatural books for public use, full of love and fantasy, but because of non correct information was placed in so called "SANdbox", but on my 50 years at that time I just grew upp three children in my STEREOFAMILY. somwone need I write SHTERRE OFF? like SHE TERRE off? at all SCH = disney on d'wordginal PhysicChemie ₽_Russiaჼ. I do not like daployd languages and because I looking for that my family research and explore for last 100 years, and it is NOTES, Murcikal notes gau! la la la ... but somebody made on it Rubles ... I have my way and all I want to create in MOCKBA is a Tolibaschi_Institute to controll consumption of alcohol. Tamada is a like a Table Manager, who say a few words to remember a died people or for brawety and health of a live people. At all alcohol have a effect of so called "Viagra" or sexstimulant and I guess It was because of so called wars, which was more in Informational Channels then in reality. I have other interests and to explore life frome its smolest creatures I need some tools. Thanks and enjoy and contact me, because without our unity is everything have no matter and after like in my houses are now Adminisrtrative Dictantors, will be in others houses too ... No curency or so called money have worse without contact each other ...  Before was Academbourgs and it bourgers or citizens and they do some great things we use tod  day! I not use alcohol, just socially if others do too, but I smoke and we could do it together, because it is so funny to say "we meditate" without to achive right condition to think, like our "atababas" did. I not belive demagogical texts on emballage like: sombody loose his leg because of smoking tobacco and showing a leg with no finger. it maybe done by so called "AI" or artifical intelligence piared today, but it is like once was a Check table wih a human inside ... 30 or even 50 thousand photo images are needed to "learn" it just one (1) thing like recognition of hello. and it not working like "PÄRKINg" or in reality "Per KNIG" "ПЕР КНИГ" ... enjoy without of rewenge administration took away even my rights, family an children away from me, because somebody interprete on jargone on slang way beutiful word like MucikalNOTES! I never think on english because I was forced to learn that language at childhood and I not liked it, but a few days ago I modeling a so called "peoples RAM" and I get a strange results I do not want to talk about  ... If somebody need "drelling" or even "books" why come to me? It is open society ... you need music, then made it ... need code? enjoy ... it is not nessesery to say I discovered "grabitacion" ... I discovered great things which began 400 and even more years ago was planned iPhone and even budget CRISTALL_TOOTH for everyone ... but somebody do not likes I did audiobooks from real documents and not docs u mental ... why our united grandparants or roots whear on a head thing like a thooth corone by brilliants? because it was a simbole of chipest artificial cristall from a asch or carbon ... have a nice sex, because genesis or (genesix) is a monument of dNA ... 

CAMASUTRA = CHAMA S UTRA = ჭამა დილიდან? ქეიფი? მარტომ? თუ სკაიპით? 

_ Conischiva?  [₾onischiva] მგონი გშივა?  მშივა აპპა არ მშივა? 


Book 1. CHEMICAL_PHILOSOPHY_by_JD_P1V2 JOHN DALTONEN PART I VOLUME II

https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/51063

newsystemofchemi01daltuoft_abbyy ABBY READER XML file
